en bm 中文 தமிழ் expiry date renew update profile sign out join kini community search by article, journalist or columnist home news covid-19 tracker parliament editor's pick special report roundup opinions letters yoursay kiniguide m'sians kini cartoonkini news lab announcements events jobs news mrt feeder bus irregularity lets down billion-ringgit infrastructure, data shows aidila razak & fadhli sulaiman, naimmullah jaya published 2 dec 2019, 2:36 am modified 2 dec 2019, 4:59 am a + a - special report | despite billions of ringgit having been spent, the mass rail transit (mrt) system in the klang valley appears to be let down by the less sophisticated part of the infrastructure - the feeder buses. user-collected data on waiting times reviewed by malaysiakini showed that feeder buses arrival and departure times are somewhat irregular, adding up to 34 minutes waiting time for mrt users. this hampers reliability, especially when coupled with the fact that bus schedules are not published. however, many of the respondents who recorded their wait times for this article said they have managed to incorporate the wait times into their schedules, and are able to estimate a regular time for their journeys. the feeder buses, which are operated by rapidkl, play the role of connecting mrt users to the station or to their final destinations. following a call-out by malaysiakini on social media, 13 mrt users volunteered to note the time they arrive at the bus stop or mrt station, and the time they depart on the feeder bus on weekdays over two weeks. waiting times for a total of 86 journeys were collected and analysed.. special report transport lrt mrt] feeder buses editors pick editorspick waiting time related reports global, regional, and national outlook for penang’s transport infrastructure a year ago steps to increase public transport ridership a year ago return of minibuses a long time coming a year ago why is dbkl not serious about pedestrians in kl? a year ago share this story comments by posting a comment, you agree to our terms & conditions as stipulated in full here terms & conditions foul language, profanity, vulgarity, slanderous, personal attack, threatening, sexually-orientated comments or the use of any method of communication that may violate any law or create needless unpleasantness will not be tolerated. antisocial behaviour such as "spamming" and "trolling" will be suspended. violators run the risk of also being blocked permanently. report violators please use the report feature that is available below each comment to flag offending comments for our moderators to take action. do not take matters in your own hands to avoid unpleasant and unnecessary exchanges that may result in your own suspension or ban. advertisement most read most commented 01 umno minister warned me of muhyiddin’s 'craze to be pm' - syed saddiq 31 may 2020 02 huge bump up for najib's ex-officer in s'gor bn 31 may 2020 03 mysejahtera app to include check-in function at business premises - ismail 31 may 2020 04 gov't asks homesick singles for more time 31 may 2020 about about malaysiakini staff job vacancies internships advertise subscribe donate digital network kinitv voiz asia fg media undi.info campuskini metrics news terms of use term of service privacy policy general line +603-7770 0000 subscription / tech support +603-7770 0017 [email protected] editorial contact the newsdesk [email protected] location no. 9, jalan 51/205a, off jalan tandang, 46050 petaling jaya, selangor rss feeds news opinions letters daily news digest sign up