en bm 中文 தமிழ் expiry date renew update profile sign out join kini community search by article, journalist or columnist home news covid-19 tracker parliament editor's pick special report roundup opinions letters yoursay kiniguide m'sians kini cartoonkini news lab announcements events jobs letter time for malaysia airlines board to step down ismail nasaruddin published 20 jun 2019, 5:19 am a + a - letter | the national carrier has yet again failed to reach the top 20 in the world’s top 100 airlines survey by skytrax for five years in a row now. it's an embarrassment to see the national carrier failing to make a mark after a four-year wait. it proves that something is not right with their service. what's going on with malaysia airlines? there is a serious need to look into why the national carrier - which previously won many awards - has since lost its touch and titles. is there a problem that we need to know? if the management is not capable of reviving the national carrier's image, then they must step aside to allow a new team to take over. it's also high time the government review the national carrier's board of management. there is a poor performance by them, both financially and in terms of service. after spending so much money, the airline has yet to make it into the top 10. this is shameful as billions have been spent to turn the airline around but it no longer carries the sparkle which it used to have before. mas had won seven consecutive awards for "best cabin crew" many years back. today, we see nothing of these awards from the new management. many people are upset as malaysia airlines used to be the world's best but now it looks like a low-cost airline has taken over the national carrier's top spot. nufam urges khazanah nasional to start looking for a new management team to revive the airline as mas has certainly disappointed many of our people including their own staff. perhaps morale is low and thats why they have underperformed. after a major restructuring in 2015, we figure they would improve with better expansion plans for the airline. but it looks like there aren't any plans for the airline. perhaps the management should step down voluntary rather than wait for us to tell them to leave. the writer is president, national union of flight attendants (nufam). the views expressed here are those of the author/contributor and do not necessarily represent the views of malaysiakini. nufam malaysia airlines related reports malaysia airlines ceo against shutting down carrier a year ago mas and japan airlines sign joint business mou a year ago airasia boss feels mas can soar again, but not keen on piloting it a year ago gov't doesn't have the capacity to bail out mas - azmin a year ago share this story comments by posting a comment, you agree to our terms & conditions as stipulated in full here terms & conditions foul language, profanity, vulgarity, slanderous, personal attack, threatening, sexually-orientated comments or the use of any method of communication that may violate any law or create needless unpleasantness will not be tolerated. antisocial behaviour such as "spamming" and "trolling" will be suspended. violators run the risk of also being blocked permanently. report violators please use the report feature that is available below each comment to flag offending comments for our moderators to take action. do not take matters in your own hands to avoid unpleasant and unnecessary exchanges that may result in your own suspension or ban. advertisement most read most commented 01 source claims pn under threat in johor, bersatu reps may withdraw support 1 jun 2020 02 chin tong's 'pas on mislaid path' remark unsurprising: pas youth chief 1 jun 2020 03 guan eng denies conflict of interest with attorney-general's chambers 1 jun 2020 04 mp speculated to defect praises dr m but does not reveal next move 1 jun 2020 about about malaysiakini staff job vacancies internships advertise subscribe donate digital network kinitv voiz asia fg media undi.info campuskini metrics news terms of use term of service privacy policy general line +603-7770 0000 subscription / tech support +603-7770 0017 [email protected] editorial contact the newsdesk [email protected] location no. 9, jalan 51/205a, off jalan tandang, 46050 petaling jaya, selangor rss feeds news opinions letters daily news digest sign up